# Web Dev Intro Assignment
Hello! Congratulations on getting into the E4E Acoustics Species Identification Team! If you are getting this intro assignment, it is because we are Frist working with us as a web dev on Pyrenote, our audio annotation platform. 
## Why are we building an annotation platform anyway?
The goal of our group is to eventually automatically annotate data from the felid to get an estimate on population counts of usually hard-to-count species (such as birds). To do so, we need to be able to count the number of calls in an audio clip. Pyrenote is designed to gather the training and testing data to ensure we can develop software to achieve this goal. Now there are plenty of course sourcing tools for audio annotation that we could have used, but the issue is we need a precise count of bird species. That means we need to know the precise start and end times of those calls in an audio clip to count the birds in the audio (we refer to this as strongly labeled data). Most tools available only weakly label the data, or just note if there is or is not a bird in an entire clip. Strongly labeled data gives more information about where the birds are. Since there are not too many tools designed specifically for this purpose, we made our tool!
## Your intro assignment Task!
Pyrenote currently works by creating a project, then editing some settings in that project, and sharing the project with other users of Pyrenote. These users all come together, annotate the data and then an admin can download the annotations. This requires multiple people, a lot of backend work, and a pretty big system overall. Suppose you have been asked to continue work done on the annotation platform, "Pyrelite," which allows a single user to control this entire process! Pyrelite uses many of the similar functions of Pyrenote except we do not create a project to store data under. Each user works on data they upload and then that same user downloads their annotation. Luckily for you, someone has already gone through and started working on the task! It is up to you to finish up the work (frequently with working on Pyrenote there will already be people who have gone through and created part if not all the features you might be tasked to work on. So it is important to practice working with other's people's code!). 

To get started on Pyrelite, let us start by [getting set up here](Setup.md).